Obviously I haven't seen this girl a few times
Why do you always feel so kind?
Pay quickly
Otherwise, the junk in your room
I'll find someone to throw away today
This man speaks so rudely
How much does he owe you?
I'll give it to you.
It's his boyfriend who eats soft rice
Stop being funny
If it weren't for you vampire
He is an honest girl
How can you work ten jobs a day and still not pay the rent?
I see.
Send your account number to this phone.
I'll have someone call you for the money later
I didn't expect it.
My fan base is everywhere.
Who are you and why are you holding my phone?
Am I not the man you miss on your wallpaper?
Why am I standing in front of you now?
I don't know.
You are the best actor
Record it
It seems that the brain is not damaged.
Since you are so short of money
Be my personal assistant
How did it go?